
This file will concentrate all the TODOs in our project
When something is done, please move the description of it from above the line to below the line

1) The kraar_observatory_support.m Return also the correct form of zernickes
   for wavefront genrating functions to use in order to correctly describe
   the wave entering the telescope. one can even scale them accordingly in
   order to work with different colors with the same code

2) Check validity of solve_speckles_bound by using it

3) Update read_zyla_raw to become more reliable

4) telescope_support is very similar to the kraar_observatory_support

5) change zernike wavefront indiv to return Y already with zero padding.
   this is important for working with different wavelengths
   Consider normalizing also for the color (parameter that normalizes the 
   Y's so that different colors will use the same C vectors and therefore
   the code becomes clearer)


7) Write the solver program. The input should be of the same structure as the output of the prepare zyla data function
   1) solve the multi-color phase-retrieval problem on the image. given the solution of the previous image
   2) if the solution is "bad" or non-existent, solve the problem without a good guess.
   3) remove residual radial components from the estimation maps.

8) make the File parameter of the output of the zip reading function at prepare_zyla_data be filled for all images!   



---------------------------------------------

6) write a script that works with real data - this script should:
   get: zip file name of the relevant data.
        zip file name of the relevant dark frames (or the master bias file name)
        zip file name of the relevant flat frames (or the master flat file name)
        list of contrasts and x,y positions for fake sources
        library for temporary results.
        Parameters to pass on.
   output: 
        the score map and estimation map of the observations
   saved data:
        all parameters acquired with effort, in a structure which is saved at the given library in real time 
        those should include:
            - score maps, var maps, PSF's, wavefronts, C's and reduced data
        in addition, at the start, the bias, flat, gain, long exposure image and lucky imaging image should be saved in the same directory.
   1) load the file (from a zip format) and select the files by a given vector of indices
   doing that after sorting the files by the reverse order of their name.
   2) read the zyla ini file to know how many images and of what size are in each raw zyla file
   3) read the multiple zyla images from each file
   4) generate or read the dark image.
   5) generate or read the flat image.
   6) reduce all images with the relevant dark, flat and gain.
   7) measure the effective background expectancy and remove from all images.
   8) measure standard deviation of the read-noise.
   8) calculate the long exposure image, lucky imaging image, and std of the center of mass
   9) flag the important pixels (from the long exposure image) and generate a square ROI that is a power of 2.
   10) calculate the average number of photons arriving at each frame from the long exposure image
   11) cut the ROI from each image.
